SCF-830: Added state management for cluster hibernation (#17)
cybertec-postgresql/postgres-operator: docs/reference/cluster_manifest.md

  from a remote primary. See the Patroni documentation
  [here](https://patroni.readthedocs.io/en/latest/standby_cluster.html) for more details. Optional.

## Lifecycle configuration

Parameters to control cluster hibernate/wake-up behavior.

* **phase**
  Set to `"stopped"` to hibernate the cluster. When this field is set on a
  running cluster, the operator will:
  * Store the current number of instances in the status
  * Scale down the StatefulSet to 0 replicas
  * Scale down the connection pooler to 0 replicas
  * Suspend the logical backup CronJob (if enabled)
  * Set the cluster status to "Stopping", then "Stopped"

>   When this field is removed from a stopped cluster, the operator will:

Reviewer: One small suggestion, just to be more precise here: this doesn't just trigger on removing the field, setting `phase` to anything other than `"stopped"` (including `""`) also wakes the cluster up:
 
```suggestion
  When this field is removed, or set to any value other than `"stopped"`
  (including an empty string), on a stopped cluster, the operator will:
```
